#summary PIE Function : Comparisons

= PIE Function : Comparisons=

Comparisons are used by [http://code.google.com/p/lx10/wiki/IF_function IF] and [http://code.google.com/p/lx10/wiki/While WHILE] conditional functions.

There are four different types of conditional functions:
  * Equal to / not Equal to
  * Greater than / Less than
  * LED is / LED was
  * Button is / Button is not


== Equal to / not Equal to ==

Used to test if a variable is equal to or not equal to another variable or number.

=== Example ===

<font color = "blue">if</font> x <font color = "brown">is</font> <font color = "orange">equal to</font> 3 <font color = "blue">then</font> <br>
<YOUR CODE GOES HERE> <br>
<font color = "blue">end if</font>

<font color = "blue">if</font> x <font color = "brown">is</font> <font color = "orange"> is not equal to</font> 3 <font color = "blue">then</font> <br>
<YOUR CODE GOES HERE> <br>
<font color = "blue">end if</font>


== Greater than / Less than ==

Used to test if a variable is greater than or less than a variable or number.

=== Example ===

<font color = "blue">if</font> x <font color = "brown">is</font> <font color = "orange">greater than </font> 3 <font color = "blue">then</font> <br>
<YOUR CODE GOES HERE> <br>
<font color = "blue">end if</font>

<font color = "blue">if</font> x <font color = "brown">is</font> <font color = "orange"> less than </font> 3 <font color = "blue">then</font> <br>
<YOUR CODE GOES HERE> <br>
<font color = "blue">end if</font>


== LED is / LED was ==

Used to test the current state of LED or the previous state of an LED. The possible states of an LED are ON and OFF.

LX10 remembers the state of an LED before the most recent <font color = "blue">update display</font> was called. This allows you to get an LEDs previous state.

=== Example ===

<font color = "blue">if</font> <font color = "red">LED</font> 3,7 <font color = "brown">is</font> <font color = "purple">on</font> <font color = "blue">then</font> <br>
<YOUR CODE GOES HERE> <br>
<font color = "blue">end if</font>

<font color = "blue">if</font> <font color = "red">LED</font> 3,7 <font color = "brown">was</font> <font color = "purple">off</font> <font color = "blue">then</font> <br>
<YOUR CODE GOES HERE> <br>
<font color = "blue">end if</font>


== Button is pressed / Button is not pressed ==

Used to test the state of a specific button. The possible states of a button are pressed and not pressed.

Buttons can be specified by using one of the following keywords:
  * right-button
  * left-button
  * up-button
  * down-button
  * a-button
  * b-button
 
The x button is reserved for the main menu and brightness control.

=== Example ===

<font color = "blue">if</font> <font color = "purple">a-button</font>  <font color = "brown">is</font> <font color = "purple">pressed</font> <font color = "blue">then</font> <br>
<YOUR CODE GOES HERE> <br>
<font color = "blue">end if</font>

<font color = "blue">if</font> <font color = "purple">right-button</font>  <font color = "brown">is</font> not <font color = "purple">pressed</font> <font color = "blue">then</font> <br>
<YOUR CODE GOES HERE> <br>
<font color = "blue">end if</font>