#summary Customer Requirements

Customer Requirements
CR1.	The product shall be targeted at users aged 7 +.

CR2.	The cost to the business of producing 500 units shall be less than £4,500, unless agreed with Richard Cross.

CR3.	The product shall be fully functional when taken offsite

CR4.	The product should comply with CE standard XXBS EN 60950:1992 standards (Safety of Information technology Equiptment 

CR5.	The product shall be battery powered.

CR6.	The product shall provide an environment to allow the user to create software for it

CR7.	The product shall not require anything to be bought in order for it to be fully functional 

CR8.	The product shall be ready for the Open Day on the 30th June 2012

CR9.	A video or other media shall be produced detailing the development and production of the product, showcasing Engineering at BAE Systems Rochester.

CR10.	The user shall be able to expand the functionality of the device

CR11.	The software shall allow the users to store and recall at least 10 programs

CR12.	The software source code shall be available to the users, and will be formatted and commented

•	C Code should be formatted in line with the GNU Coding standards listed on this webpage http://www.gnu.org/prep/standards/standards.html#Formatting

•	VB Code should be formatted inline with the standards defined in this webpage http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Visual_Basic/Coding_Standards

•	Other formatting standards are acceptable once they have been agreed with relevant Functional Manager.

CR13.	During operation the product shall allow the user to:
a.	Turn the product on and off
b.	Select program

CR14.	The product shall be developed using Learn First Product Development Techniques

CR15.	The Team shall report progress against the agreed plan fortnightly

CR16.	The software team shall produce all deliverables by Friday 1st June 2012, unless otherwise identified in the agreed project plan.

CR17.	The following documentation shall be produced:

a.	All User PC side software 
b.	All Board side software
c.	Details of any cables required for operation
d.	Software user guide
e.	Any additional software required on the end users computer
f.	Software ICD
g.	Software A3 Project Plan
h.	Software Requirements document including mapping to how requirements have been met.
i.	Formatted software source code 
j.	Operator Instructions and Limitations Manual
k.	Safety Certificate

Customer Derived Requirements
CDR1.	The product shall appeal to both boys and girls

CDR2.	The product should be entertaining

CDR3.	The product should be produced using static resistant parts as much as possible

CDR4.	The product should engage multiple senses

CDR5.	The product should have a battery life of at least 2  hours (normal usage)

CDR6.	The product shall have no sharp edges