#summary All the useful downloads related to the LX10 and Pie programming language.
#labels downloads,drivers,ide,examples

= Download =

== IDE ==

The LX10 IDE supports only Microsoft Windows XP, Vista and 7.

<font color=red>*There is a known problem with the simulator not running correctly on some systems. We are striving to fix this as fast as possible. Expect a fix soon!*</font>

[http://lx10.googlecode.com/files/LX10%20IDE%20Setup%20V2.exe LX10 IDE Installer V2] - Just double click and follow the instructions to install.



== USB Drivers ==

*USB Drivers are now included in the V2 installer. Only download these if you haven't installed using the V2 installer*

[http://lx10.googlecode.com/files/LX10%20USB%20Drivers.zip USB Drivers] - Please follow the guide [Getting_Started_With_LX10 here] on how to install.

== 'Factory' Defaults ==

[http://lx10.googlecode.com/files/OpenDayDefault.zip Open Day Default Games Programmer] Once unzipped, this will program all the games from the Open day back onto your board like it was new.

== Example PIE Code ==

[http://lx10.googlecode.com/files/First%2010%20Programs.zip First 10 Examples] you may have installed on the Open Day 2012. [Open_Day_games This] page explains what they do.

== Games/Programs made by others ==

These will be added when we get them via the competition.


== PCB Artwork ==

[http://lx10.googlecode.com/files/LX10_PCB_DESIGN.zip PCB Artwork]

== Source ==

One [http://lx10.googlecode.com/files/LX10%20Source.zip zip] file with all 3 source directories inside.