#summary A guide on what to do once you get home and want to start programming your LX10!
#labels Start,Beginner,Guide,Pie,USB,Connect

=Getting Started With Your LX10=

----

<font color=red>*If you did not get your LX10 programmed up on the day or when you turn it on you only see "BAE" the please go [Batch_Programmer here] to do it yourself. It will not work correctly otherwise.*</font>

Since you are reading this I can safely assume that you have found our website! The instructions below will take you from unboxing your LX10 right through to opening up the LX10 IDE (Integrated Development Environment) where you can write code to program onto your board. The instructions and screenshots shown on this page have been created for Windows XP, however further screenshots are from Windows 7. The process should be similar on any Windows installation but if you require more help than is given here please don't hesitate to email <a href="mailto:rochester.lx10@gmail.com">rochester.lx10@gmail.com</a> or go to our contact page and we will get back to you as soon as possible.

*Note: The LX10 IDE will only run on a windows based computer as it uses the programming language Visual Basic and Microsoft's .NET v4.0 framework.*
<br />
*Note: You may need to install Microsoft's .NET framework v4.0 which can be found here [http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=17113 Microsoft .NET Framework 4 Client Profile]<br />

----

In this guide we will go through the following steps to ensure your device and computer are prepared for you to make some games!

  * Step One - Downloading and Extracting/Installing the LX10 IDE and USB Drivers.

In this step we will make sure you get a hold of all our software and the drivers required to run it.

  * Step Two - Preparing Your LX10

In this step we will make sure you LX10 is connected up and powered ready to be programmed.

  * Step Three - Installing the LX10 USB Drivers

Here we will install the USB drivers that you downloaded in Step One so that your PC can talk to the LX10. This section is quite long and scary-looking but if you follow the steps through you'll be surprised at how quick and easy the process is :)

  * Step Four - Opening the LX10 IDE and checking your LX10 is Connected!

Here we tell you how to open up the LX10 IDE and how to check whether you have successfully installed the USB drivers so that your PC can talk to your LX10. This is the part where you can start programming!

===So lets get started shall we?!===

<br />

----

===Step One - Downloading and Installing/Extracting the LX10 IDE and USB Drivers===

----

Click on the link below to download the LX10 IDE Setup:<br />
[http://lx10.googlecode.com/files/LX10%20IDE%20Setup%20V2.exe LX10 IDE Setup]

The LX10 IDE Setup you can simply double click and it will install that for you.

Once installed, the USB driver can be found in the install directory. By default that is:<br />
`C:\Program Files\LX10 IDE\driver`<br />
or<br />
`C:\Program Files(x86)\LX10 IDE\driver`<br />

----

Congratulations for getting this far! Now proceed to step two.<br />

==[http://code.google.com/p/lx10/wiki/Getting_Started_with_LX10_2 Click here to go to Step 2]==