#summary Hardware Requirements.

Communications
HRS1.	The Hardware shall provide a USB 2.0 Interface to allow communication with a PC.

HRS2.	There shall be an I2C Interface Header on the PCB that shall connect to the PIC complying with the I2C protocol.

HRS3.	There should be space for a programming header on the PCB that connects the PIC to a PIC Programmer.
Display
HRS4.	The display shall support a minimum update rate of 5Hz.

HRS5.	The display shall support a minimum frame rate of 30Hz.

HRS6.	The display shall not draw more than 500mA.

HRS7.	The display shall be bright enough to be viewed in direct sunlight.

HRS8.	The display shall provide a minimum of 8x8 resolution.

HRS9.	The display shall provide a minimum viewing angle of ± 30 degrees.


Manufacture
HRS10.	The PCB artwork should be sent for manufacture by the 1st of June 2012, unless otherwise agreed in the project plan.

HRS11.	The device shall be RoHS compliant.

HRS12.	The PCB should be assembled from static resistant parts.

HRS13.	The Module PCB design shall require no more than 2 layers FR-4.

HRS14.	The component types chosen shall be compatible with BAE Rochester’s manufacturing capability.

HRS15.	Production shall not require any manual placement of parts other than the battery holders.

HRS16.	The device shall be manufactured from surface mount components except for the battery holder.

HRS17.	No component shall be smaller in size than the 0603(1608 metric) package as specified under the JEDEC specification.
Test
HRS18.	Correct assembly shall be verified by flying probe and optical inspection to be outlined in a test strategy document.

HRS19.	Built in test shall be implemented and will be outlined in a test strategy document.

Power
HRS20.	The PCB shall be battery powered.

HRS21.	The PCB Power consumption shall be such that the battery life is greater than two hours and no device shall reach 41 degrees Celsius at ambient 25 degrees Celsius.
Control
HRS22.	Any communication method implemented shall comply with the associated protocol.

HRS23.	The accelerometer shall have an accuracy of at least 10 degrees.

HRS24.	Any memory implemented shall be programmable via the PIC.

Other
HRS25.	The Hardware shall be developed using Learn First Product Development Techniques.

HRS26.	The Hardware Team should report progress to Simon Abbotson fortnightly via email.

HRS27.	The following documentation shall be produced:
a.	Schematics and tracking reviews
b.	Power Analysis
c.	Safety Analysis
d.	Design for Manufacture
e.	Hardware Development Plan
f.	Design Record

HRS28.	Any memory implemented shall have a minimum capacity of 12Kbytes.

HRS29.	The hardware shall comply with BS EN 60950:1992 standards.

HRS30.	Initial programming of the product shall take less than 30 seconds.

HRS31.	PCB tracking shall follow BAE Systems Rochester’s best practice guidelines.