#summary Information about the people behind the LX10

= Meet the Design Team =

==Project Manager==

*IB*

  * *Job:* Project manager for LX10 Open day. Hardware engineer Working on programmable logic devices (PLDs).

  * *Degree:* Electrical & Electronic Engineering (BEng) Aston University

  * *Random Fact:* Has run 100M in under 11s


==Systems==

*Steve*

  * *Job:* Graduate Hardware Engineer. In charge of systems requirements for the LX10.

  * *Degree:* Electronic Engineering (MEng) York University

  * *Main Roles:* System design.

  * *Random Fact:* Likes anything orange.


==Software==

*Mark*

 * *Job:* Software Engineer

 * *Degree:* Computer Science

 * *Main Roles:* Software team lead, timekeeping, resource management, giving birth to the Pie language and writing the IDE

 * *Random Fact:* I can solve a Rubik's Cube but I apparently can't spell it


*Martyn*

 * *Job:* Graduate Research Scientist on placement from the BAE Advanced Technology Centre

 * *Degree:* Physics Masters (MPhys)

 * *Main Roles:* Software that runs on the PIC32 itself and integrating the interpreter into that software. 

 * *Random Fact:* I have possibly the worst Battlefield 3 record known to man – whatever team I’m on loses over 66% of the time!


*Terry*

 * *Job:* Software Engineer

 * *Degree:* Something to do with Computers & Electronics

 * *Main Roles:* Command Interpreter, Simulator, telling Rob off for his choice of PIC 

 * *Random Fact:* N-Dubz wishes he had T-Dubz's Mad Skills


==Hardware==

*Ollie*

 * *Job:* Hardware Engineer

 * *Degree:* Engineering Design

 * *Main Roles:* Hardware Team Lead, helping out where needed 

 * *Favorite Random Sport:* Flipping Tables 


*Eric*

  * *Job:* On an Industrial Placement year at BAE Systems Rochester.

  * *Degree:* Studying Electronics and Communications Engineering (MEng) At Kent University

  * *Main Roles:* Schematic Design and Debug, Video Editing, Procurement, Prototyping

  * *Favourite Musical Instrument:* Ukulele 


*Sarah*

  * *Job:* Hardware Engineer 

  * *Degree:* Electrical and Electronic Engineering (BEng) Loughborough University

  * *Main Roles:* Dabbled in a bit of everything

  * *Random Fact:* Has royal blood


*Jack*

  * *Job:* Hardware Graduate

  * *Degree:* MEng (hons) Electronic Engineering (The University of Sheffield)

  * *Main Roles:* Procurement

  * *Random Fact:* I can hold my breath for 2 min 17 sec


*Davesh*

 * *Job:* Hardware Engineer

 * *Degree:* Electrical & Electronic Engineering (MEng) Imperial College London

 * *Main Roles:* Bit of this, bit of that - general 'odd job' man

 * *Random Fact:* I play a random sport called Korfball


*Rob*

 * *Job:* On a Hardware Industrial Placement year at BAE Systems Rochester.

 * *Degree:* Electronics and Communications (BEng) Kent University

 * *Main Roles:* Everything that is LX10, Prototyping, component selection, testing, firmware and more!

 * *Random Fact:* General Hero

*Joe*

  * *Job:* On an Industrial Placement year at BAE Systems Rochester.
 
  * *Degree:* Studying Electrical and Electronic Engineering (Meng) At Plymouth University

  * *Main Roles:* include; PCB Layout and Tracking, Providing Wiki material, Team Support

  * *Favourite Musical Instrument:* Banjo


== Mechanical ==

*Alister*

 * *Job:* Mechanical Engineer

 * *Degree:* Mechanical Engineering

 * *Main Roles:* D-Pad design, assembley & test of the LX10 (over seeing Mech design and Manufacturing.)

 * *Random Fact:* I Play Lacrosse and have a spare rib.