#summary Software Requirements.

SRS1.	The product software shall not require further software to be installed unless:
a.	The extra software is Microsoft Excel
b.	The extra software comes as standard with Microsoft Windows
c.	The extra software required is free of charge and without the need to register.

SRS2.	The software shall provide two levels of complexity to cater for the knowledge of beginner and intermediate users.

SRS3.	Sufficient documentation should be provided to allow experienced users to modify product software.

SRS4.	The software shall be produced as an educational tool suitable for both boys and girls from the age 7+

SRS5.	The software shall allow the users to produce their own static designs to be displayed on the device

SRS6.	The software should allow the users to produce dynamic designs with suitable logic to produce simple games

SRS7.	The software shall allow the users to store and recall at least 10 programs

SRS8.	The software shall communicate with the device using serial communications.  

SRS9.	The software to be stored in the Microcontroller shall be less than the size of ROM 

SRS10.	The software source code shall be available to the users, and will be formatted and commented
•	C Code should be formatted in line with the GNU Coding standards listed on this webpage http://www.gnu.org/prep/standards/standards.html#Formatting

•	VB Code should be formatted inline with the standards defined in this webpage http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Visual_Basic/Coding_Standards

•	Other formatting standards are acceptable once they have been agreed with Richard J. Bennett or Daniel J. Stroud.

SRS11.	The software shall come with a guide that explains what the code does allowing the user to edit and advance the code as required

SRS12.	The software shall allow the user to select the pattern or game displayed on the product using on-board controls

SRS13.	The software team shall produce a Project A3 detailing, project plan, derived requirements and concept design

SRS14.	The project plan shall include a list of deliverables and dates upon which they should be completed this should include

a.	All User PC side software
b.	All Board side software
c.	Details of any cables required for operation
d.	Software user guide
e.	Any additional software required on the end users computer
f.	Software ICD
g.	Software A3 Project Plan
h.	Software Requirements document including mapping to how requirements have been met.
i.	Formatted software source code 
j.	Any other documents required to meet derived requirements


SRS15.	The software team shall produce all deliverables by Friday 1st June 2012, unless otherwise identified in the agreed project plan

SRS16.	The software team shall report progress against the agreed plan fortnightly via email to Daniel J. Stroud

SRS17.	The software shall be fully functional when taken offsite.

SRS18.	The software team shall provide a minimum of one screen recording and 4 screen shots of development to the video editing team.