#summary System Requirements

SyRS1.	The system shall be suitable for users aged 7+

SyRS2.	The cost to the business of producing 500 units shall be less than £4,500, unless agreed with Richard Cross.

SyRS3.	The system shall be fully functional when taken offsite.

SyRS4.	The system shall comply with the BS EN 60950:1992 standards (Safety of Information technology Equipment.

SyRS5.	The system shall be battery powered.

SyRS6.	The system shall provide an environment to allow the user to create software for it.

SyRS7.	The system shall not require anything to be bought in order for it to be fully functional.

SyRS8.	The system shall be ready for the open day on the 30th June 2012.

SyRS9.	The system shall provide the ability for users to expand the functionality of the device.

SyRS10.	The system shall allow the users to store and recall at least 10 programs.

SyRS11.	The software source code shall be available to the users, and will be formatted and commented .

SyRS12.	During operation, the system shall allow the user to: 
a.	Turn product on and off
b.	Select a program

SyRS13.	The system shall be developed using Learn First Product Development techniques.

SyRS14.	The teams shall report progress to Simon Abbotson and Daniel J. Stroud fortnightly via email.

SyRS15.	The software team shall deliver all deliverables by 1st June unless otherwise identified in the agreed project plan.

SyRS16.	The following documentation shall be produced:

a.	All User PC side software 
b.	All Board side software
c.	Details of any cables required for operation
d.	Software user guide
e.	Any additional software required on the end users computer
f.	Software ICD
g.	Software A3 Project Plan
h.	Software Requirements document including mapping to how requirements have been met.
i.	Formatted software source code 
j.	Operator Instructions and Limitations Manual
k.	Safety Certificate

SyRS17.	The system shall appeal to boys and girls

SyRS18.	The system shall be entertaining

SyRS19.	The system should be produced using static resistant parts as much as possible

SyRS20.	The system should engage multiple senses

SyRS21.	The system should have a battery life of at least 2 hours (normal usage)

SyRS22.	The system shall have no sharp edges

SyRS23.	The system shall be capable of being produced at BAE Systems Rochester

SyRS24.	The system shall be capable of being controlled by an external I2C master device.

SyRS25.	The system shall communicate with a PC using a USB 2.0 connection. 

SyRS26.	The physical interface to the PC should be a USB Mini-A receptacle. 

SyRS27.	The system shall appear as a virtual COM port to a PC with the following settings at a minimum:

a.	Baud rate: 19200 bits/second
b.	Data Bits: 8
c.	Parity: None
d.	Stop Bits: 1
e.	Flow Control: None

SyRS28.	The system shall be capable of detecting at least 8 tilt directions (N, E, S, W, NE, SE, SW, NW).

SyRS29.	The system shall feature an on/off switch.

SyRS30.	The system should feature the following switches:

a.	Up direction
b.	Down direction
c.	Left direction
d.	Right direction
e.	‘A’ button
f.	‘B’ button

SyRS31.	The system shall incorporate a 2.54mm pitch pin header for programming the microcontroller.

SyRS32.	The system shall use static resistant parts. 

SyRS33.	The system shall use a memory chip external to the microcontroller to store programs.

SyRS34.	The user interface on the PCB shall allow the user to 
a.	Turn the product on and off.
b.	Select programs.
c.	Control the gaming features.